well everybody I got a new car so I
figured I do a review on it's a 1986
Camaro it's a base model the 2.8
multi-port fuel injected the motor I red
interior the interiors and real good
shape for a 24 year old car it's got a
seat rip right there it's a 5-speed the
carpets named on the passenger side a
little bit went to five speed there's a
whole war in the carpet from clutching
it's got white face gauges in it burwood
burlwood dashing leg throughout its
teeth hop it's silver with the red
stripe I've only had this card about a
week but I Pendleton plan on Tate taking
the strike off and paint it all black it
does have a few dents and dings on it
overall it's a good running car and I
really like it i finally got me a Camaro
I like it a lot everything works on it
all the lights work got a brand new
clutch in it like I said it's just a
base model Camaro red black door panels
red carpet red seeds black console I
mean it's pretty nice as far as a free
collar goes that's right free I got this
car for free i didn't pay one penny for
it only time anything's gonna get paid
for on this car is insurance and when i
get the tags or it's got an electric fan
that's what that toggle switches forward
the gauge there's 21,000 28.6 miles the
tax broke it's always there everybody
knows these cars are notorious for tax
screwing up on them but uh I'm pop the
hood that I'm gonna start it up right
now unless you listen to
there's muffler
directors and I got to put a tail pipe
moaning but once i do that and be good
to go
I think the motor surprisingly clean for
a car that's 24 years old
if i can get the hood open
look at all the space I'm plenty room
drop of 350 in it
thank you big on the wheel but I think
they're all right
ork it's got tilt steering that's what
this is
and this has been my little walk around
startup oh my new AC so well I ain't new
it's 24 years old it's new to me so
thanks for watching
and a rocker